# CreateUserScheduleRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**feed_type** | **string** | The name of the feed type for the created schedule. Match the feed_type from the schedule template associated with this schedule. | [optional] 
**preferred_trigger_day_of_month** | **int** | The preferred day of the month to trigger the schedule. This field can be used with preferredTriggerHour for monthly schedules. The last day of the month is used for numbers larger than the actual number of days in the month. This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. Minimum: 1 Maximum: 31 | [optional] 
**preferred_trigger_day_of_week** | **string** | The preferred day of the week to trigger the schedule. This field can be used with preferredTriggerHour for weekly schedules. This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/feed/types/api:DayOfWeekEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**preferred_trigger_hour** | **string** | The preferred two-digit hour of the day to trigger the schedule. This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. Format: UTC hhZ For example, the following represents 11:00 am UTC: 11Z | [optional] 
**schedule_end_date** | **string** | The timestamp on which the report generation (subscription) ends. After this date, the schedule status becomes INACTIVE. Use this field, if available, to end the schedule in the future. This value must be later than scheduleStartDate (if supplied). This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. Format: UTC yyyy-MM-ddTHHZ For example, the following represents UTC October 10, 2021 at 10:00 AM: 2021-10-10T10Z | [optional] 
**schedule_name** | **string** | The schedule name assigned by the user for the created schedule. | [optional] 
**schedule_start_date** | **string** | The timestamp to start generating the report. After this timestamp, the schedule status becomes active until either the scheduleEndDate occurs or the scheduleTemplateId becomes inactive. Use this field, if available, to start the schedule in the future but before the scheduleEndDate (if supplied). This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. Format: UTC yyyy-MM-ddTHHZ For example, the following represents a schedule start date of UTC October 01, 2020 at 12:00 PM: 2020-01-01T12Z | [optional] 
**schedule_template_id** | **string** | The ID of the template associated with the schedule ID. You can get this ID from the documentation or by calling the getScheduleTemplates method. This method requires a schedule template ID that is ACTIVE. | [optional] 
**schema_version** | **string** | The schema version of the schedule feedType. This field is required if the feedType has a schema version. This field is available as specified by the template (scheduleTemplateId). The template can specify this field as optional or required, and optionally provides a default value. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


